hi it's Christina for mummy and Buffy
and today we're making baby food and
we're ready to go we're going to be
peeling them all anyways so you don't
have to worry too much and if you can
have organic ones even better so to
prepare sweet potato you just cut the
ends off and peel it you want to get
most of this skin off but not too much
because a lot of the good nutrients in
sweet potato are right under the skin
same as with a lot of fruits and
vegetables so you don't want to over
peel so I'll peel just chopping up
nothing fancy you just want some nice
big cubes to go in the pot and today
very simple equipment all we need is our
pots for steaming
just put a bit of water we've got a
water filter on that tap there if your
baby is just starting solids you might
want to use cooled boiled water just for
the bottom of the pot and our simple
steaming basket stainless steel you can
get these at any home or store nothing
can't be pop these in here okay we'll do
our other one and we're ready to go so
that only took about 15 minutes and I
mean you don't have to stand around
waiting for this to cook as a mum you've
got a million things to do so you can
just leave it on the stove to steam you
can't really over steam it so don't
really worry about that too much
and perfect okay well let's take that
off and we'll get our stick blender and
puree
okay
anyone can make baby food you saw what I
just did here it's so simple and so easy
to do the trick really is when you're
making baby food so that you don't have
to cook all the time is having ample
storage solutions this is our mummy and
Moby solid starter kit you get two of
these generous baby food freezing trays
with the lids in here in one tray you've
got 21
cubes these are about one ounce and
basically we just filled these up
so we're all set we've got our 21 cubes
of sweet potato ready to go you just pop
the lid on and into the freezer
you